.TH CT2-MAKE-MOVIE "1" "February 2014" "ct2-make-movie 0.0" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
ct2-make-movie \- manual page for ct2-make-movie 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B ct2-make-movie
[\fIoptions\fR] \fIfile.ct2 arguments\fR...

.SH DESCRIPTION

Automates the creation of movies from a single 
.B ctioga2
command file.

Running 
.I ct2-make-movie plot.ct2 file1.dat file2.dat file3.dat ...
runs 
.B ctioga2 
repeatedly with the value of the variable
.I $(arg)
taking the arguments given on the command-line, ie.
.I file1.dat\fR,
then 
.I file2.dat\fR,
and so on.

It is also possible to have 
.B ct2-make-movie
generate its arguments itself:
.I ct2-make-movie plot.ct2 0..10:101
will have 
.I $(arg)
going from 0 to 10 through 101 steps.

In each case, the variable
.I $(index)
is set to the current number of the frame being drawn, starting from
0. For instance, in the above example, it would range from 0 to 100.


The PDF files produced by 
.B ctioga2
are converted by ImageMagick's
.B convert
and fed to a
.B ffmpeg
encoding pipe.


.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-t\fR, \fB\-\-target\fR FILE
Target video file. Defaults to the 
.B ctioga2
file name given, with the suffix 
.I .ct2
replaced by
.I .avi\fR.
.TP
\fB\-\-dir\fR DIR
Temporary directory for storage
.TP
\fB\-\-version\fR
Prints the version of
.B ct2-make-movie\fR.
.TP
\fB\-p\fR, \fB\-\-[no\-]pdftoppm\fR
Using
.B pdftoppm
to rasterize the PDF file rather than 
.B convert
can lead to very significant speed improvements, depending on your
version of
.B gs\fR.
Using this option enables the use of
.B pdftoppm\fR.
.B convert
remains necessary for the processing, though.
.TP
\fB\-\-page\-size\fR SIZE
All
.I page-size
instructions in the 
.B ctioga2
command file are ignored. Using this option allow you to set the
target page size (in TeX dimensions).
.TP
\fB\-\-resolution\fR RES
Set target resolution (overridden to some extent by page\-size)
.TP
\fB\-\-[no\-]store\fR
When on (by default), 
.B ct2-make-movie
gives a different name to all the generated PDF files, which can be
handy to see what has happened, but can take up quite a lot of disk
space too. When this option is disabled, the same PDF file is
rewritten over and over again.
.TP
\fB\-b\fR, \fB\-\-bitrate\fR RATE
Bitrate (indicative). Passed directly to
.BR ffmpeg .
.TP
\fB\-\-codec\fR CODEC
Target codec.
.TP
\fB\-\-ffmpeg\-args\fR ARGS
Extra ffmpeg args.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR convert (1),
.BR pdftoppm (1),
.BR ffmpeg (1),
.BR ctioga2 (1)

